SPCTR-2928: Fix - Container flex properties not applied as intended in frontend when header and image blocks are added header section is taking full height. (#3244)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Improvement: Global - Added support for Spectra One's preview options.
* Fix: Table Of Contents - Fixed the improper HTML markup/structure for the heading list.
* Fix: Testimonial - Resolved an issue in which the default Testimonial blocks would share same the background image.

> * Fix: Container - Resolved flex properties not applied as intended in frontend when header and image blocks are added header section is taking full height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue in which the flex properties would not work as intended in the frontend for the Image and Heading blocks in nested Containers.
```
